docs: update PWT page [sc-13036] (#605)
checkly/checklyhq.com: site/content/docs/browser-checks/playwright-test.md

    parent: "Browser checks"
---

Checkly natively supports running browser checks using Playwright Test Runner, allowing you to write tests and use assertions using the popular testing framework. 

> Read more on how to usitilise Playwright Test best in the [official documentation](https://playwright.dev/docs/writing-tests).

Reviewer: Is usitilise a typo from utilise?

| Test retry               | No           |
| Parallelism and sharding | No           |

> 

Reviewer 2: In the table above: can you mention that TS can be enabled via labs w/ link?

### Viewing trace files
When a `@playwright/test` test case fails, Checkly will record and make its trace files available via the UI. 
This makes it very easy to inspect individual traces and debug failing tests.

You can download the trace files for manual inspection or view them directly with [trace.playwright.dev](https://trace.playwright.dev).

![checkly-pw-traces](/docs/images/browser-checks/pwt_traces.gif)

> **Note:** When running tests from the editor page, trace files are always available for download and preview, 
> regardless of whether the check is passing or failing. For scheduled checks files are only preserved when the check failed.

### Video recordings
When a `@playwright/test` test case fails, Checkly will record a video for each page navigation and make it available in the UI.

Here's an example of a Playwright Test script that fails, and provides a video of the test sequence.

![checkly-pw-videos](/docs/images/browser-checks/pwt_videos.gif)

> **Note:** When running tests from the editor page, video files are always available for download and preview, 

> > regardless of whether the check is passing or failing. For scheduled checks files are only preserved when the check failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> regardless of whether the check is passing or failing. For scheduled check runs videos and traces are only preserved when the check failed.
```
